Add infinite scroll example (#1697)
Shopify/hydrogen: examples/infinite-scroll/README.md

The example uses [`react-intersection-observer`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-intersection-observer) to detect when the `Load more` button is in view. A `useEffect` then triggers a navigation to the next page url, which seemlessly loads more products as the user scrolls.

A few side effects of this implementation are:

1. The page progressively enhances, so that when JavaScript has yet to load, the page is still interactive because the user can still click the `Load more` button.
2. As the user scrolls, the URL automatically changes as new pages are loaded.
3. Because the implementation uses the `Pagination` component, navigating back to the collection list after clicking on a product automatically maintains the user's scroll position.

## Key files

This folder contains the minimal set of files needed to showcase the implementation.
Files that aren’t included by default with Hydrogen and that you’ll need to
create are labeled with 🆕.

| File                                                                       | Description                 |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- |

> | [`app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx`](app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx) | The product collection page |

Reviewer: Wondering if this section is still needed if the example now only have the diff

Reviewer 2: No, haven't returned to this!

> | [`app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx`](app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx) | The product collection page |

Reviewer 3: nit: missing the `new` emoji

## Instructions

### 1. Link your store to inject the required environment variables

```bash
h2 link

> ```

Reviewer: this step isnt really needed to use the example

> ## Instructions
> 
> ### 1. Link your store to inject the required environment variables
> 
> ```bash
> h2 link
> ```
> 
> ### 2. Edit the route loader
> 
> In `app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx`, update the `pageBy` parameter passed to the `getPaginationVariables` function call to customize how many products to load at a time.
> 
> ```ts
> const paginationVariables = getPaginationVariables(request, {
>   pageBy: 8,
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Instructions (optional)

### 1. Link your store to inject the required environment variables

```bash
h2 link
```

### 2. Change number of products load at once

In `app/routes/collections.$handle.tsx`, update the `pageBy` parameter passed to the `getPaginationVariables` function call to customize how many products to load at a time.

```ts
const paginationVariables = getPaginationVariables(request, {
  pageBy: 8,
});
```
```
